Contributions require sign-off. The sign-off is required for all patch or pull requests, which certifies the following agreement given below.

Contributor Agreement
---------------------

    By making a contribution to this project, I certify that:

      (a) The contribution was created in whole or in part by me and I have the right to submit it under the open source license indicated in the file; or

      (b) The contribution is based upon previous work that, to the best of my knowledge, is covered under an appropriate open source license and I have the right under that license to submit that work with modifications, whether created in whole or in part by me, under the same open source license (unless I am permitted to submit under a different license), as indicated in the file; or

      (c) The contribution was provided directly to me by some other person who certified (a), (b) or (c) and I have not modified it.

      (d) I understand and agree that this project and the contribution are public and that a record of the contribution (including all personal information I submit with it, including my sign-off) is maintained indefinitely and may be redistributed consistent with this project or the open source license(s) involved.

      (e) I also agree to the following terms and conditions:

        (1) Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this agreement, You hereby grant to the maintainer and to recipients of software distributed by the maintainer a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute your contributions and such derivative works.

        (2) Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this agreement, You hereby grant to the maintainer and to recipients of software distributed by the maintainer a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the work, where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by you that are necessarily infringed by your contribution(s) alone or by combination of your contribution(s) with the work to which such contribution(s) was submitted. If any entity institutes patent litigation against you or any other entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that your contribution, or the work to which you have contributed, constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to that entity under this agreement for that contribution or work shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.

Committing	
----------

Add a line stating

    Signed-off-by: Random J Developer <random@developer.example.org>
	
When committing using the command line you can sign off using the --signoff or -s flag. This adds a Signed-off-by line by the committer at the end of the commit log message.

    git commit -s -m "Commit message"
